I was in New York City recently and as
any good tourist does I visited one of
their magnificent Apple Stores and aside
from the fire marshal headache inducing
amount of people in the store the other
thing that surprised me was the weird
ass accessories that they happened to
sell at the official store like this
water bottle that looks like somebody
ordered it off AliExpress but that's an
Apple store price tag and then when I
got home and I was looking up what the
heck are these things I found a bunch
more weird ones so let's take a look at
some very strange Apple accessories and
what better way to do that than with a
very strange person who is also into
very strange things except not Apple
things so he can tell me uh if they're
crazy from a non-apple person
perspective which one do you want to
start with Elisha The Big Box this is
the Belin Auto tracking stand Pro with
DOT kit support Pro a detection oh
that's French yeah it caught my eye
because it's expensive but um the basic
function of this as far as I could tell
is you record and do break dancing so
hopefully you can manage that and I
guess it's supposed to track you for the
insane amount of money we paid for this
I'll get to that later before we get in
the Box looking on the outside it's made
for iPhone you're not going to be using
this with your Android phone they sell
it at the Apple Store no duh uh smooth
360 rotation and auto tilt okay so this
should be pretty good it also charges
the phone which is great and it doesn't
use an app I don't know I'm skeptical on
that how that is supposed to work maybe
Apple has like native integration but
there's the unit the rest of the box we
have charging cable uh we've got a USBC
power brck also in the Box what is this
this is a 5vt 3 amp 15 wat and a manual
oh look at that instructions it asks for
6 in of clearance around it I mean how
violently does it swing your phone okay
step one plug it in it says tap it where
on the
little oh okay configuring accessory for
first time use this may take a few
moments how was your trip New York I
don't like New York I'm sorry I'm sorry
if you live in New York done all right
step three put the phone on
vertically oh I can't tell if it's
working or not open the camera app which
we did oh and then focus on somebody go
over there you want me to go over there
yeah yeah why not there we go oh oh oh
is it working oh my God it is hey guys
welcome to my Tik Tok page
yo it's kind of slow it's pretty delayed
I mean it's doing a pretty decent job of
like keeping up with you uh it does go
up and down but it's it's pretty slow oh
it does go all the way down it even goes
down to here our sponsor thanks to
manscape for sponsoring this video ring
in 2025 with a fresh new look for your
nether regions their performance package
5.0 Ultra includes the lawnmower 5.0
Ultra for some under the belt trimming
and the weed whacker 2.0 for your ears
and nose it even comes with their crop
Soother aftershave lotion crop preserver
deodorant and two free gifts make sure
Time Square isn't the only place with a
shiny ball go to manscape.com circuit
and use code circuit for 20% off and
free shipping this is not a professional
tool but for home Tik Tok use what I
could see it on the instructions here it
only buils up the Apple photo image like
it doesn't necessarily you could open
SnapChat or Instagram or anything I bet
you it probably doesn't work with Tik
Tok it does work with Tik Tok well
that's good how do we make a Tik Tok 15
seconds we're not uploading a Tik Tok to
my account hello Tik
Tok it records it it did the front
camera I work with Tik Tok this seems
pretty good if it didn't cost this is
$180 I would not spend $180 on this this
is a scam Apple I expected more next
speaking of content creation uh this one
also from the Apple Store the shift Cam
snapl and led ring light for mag safe
this is less stupid I just ring lights
are
so like come on isn't a ring light
supposed to like go around the camera so
that way you get like a nice even light
spill when you're looking at the lens
well I thought that that's that's how it
makes the like little rings on your eyes
the whole point is just animate eyes
right what is
this oh this is for you it's like a pleb
magnet oh so if I don't have mag safe
yeah so you're going to stick this on
your phone you might as well uh just do
it okay I'm sure it won't be that hard
to get off after well in here was a
cable you want to tell us how long it
was it's it's a USBC to a 2.0 cable sick
very short oh you actually did it okay
well you told me I had to let's
see all righty is it the magnet strong
all right I'm having a good conversation
I don't it's strong enough okay I think
if you're like okay doing yeah it's
going to freak out but does it have pass
through I don't know can you do multiple
mag safe
things yeah I'm going to try to put it
on our our wonderful Balon device here
you didn't peel it pill ooh oh look at
that mirror so you can look at that
instead of the lens that's not what you
should be doing if you're filming hey
look you guys can see yourselves you see
yourself in there if you're looking at
the light and your camera's over here
it's just going to look like you're not
looking at the content nope can't double
it up all right see you later let's try
it I guess oh there we go oh God that is
terrible oh wait no it gets brighter
that's wa okay so it's got like four
brightnesses it seems oh yeah oh so it's
giving me eye stuff they're not circles
though it's so small that it's just like
little pin holes when I'm looking at the
light I'm immediately not looking at the
camera yeah don't look at the light I
really wish you could spin it around but
it is pretty bright and it does give you
the effect kind of collapse it could you
conceivably keep it on your phone oh my
God yo yo we're stupid oh we're so
stupid this is a great product what am I
talking about it can be used with the
rear cam we were just dumb how much does
it cost 40 bucks yeah $4 us
$40 I would pay 20 maximum this product
is what originally caught my eye the
hydrate spark Pro Steel it's I guess a
smart water bottle it's it's say 24
hours cold so we got to assume it's
insulated it's got a flippy sippy uh
it's got Bluetooth it's got colors does
this not look like I bought this off
temu I'm pretty convinced or like you
walk into one of one of those
stores like a tourist store that sells
New York City T-shirts got it yeah and
they would have these on a shelf but no
it's from the Apple Store it Sparkles
then you drink oh it's like to remind
you to like stay hydrated oh yeah works
with apple Health all right that is
really small there's a water bottle
there's a I think this is a straw hey
it's a straw all right what is in here
there's some stuff in there you might
want to take out
propaganda charging cable oh there's two
types of Lids why I thought it was like
there was I thought it was like a
convertible lid that did both no this is
two different Lids oh I think this one's
for the straw and that one's just like
so you can sip from they call this one a
chug lid how do you what I don't know
that's why I'm asking you oh my
goodness you got to really jam it in
there but it just connects on the inside
you can the little button that open
opens the cap on the this sippy drippy
opens and closes and it has a lock oh
this does not oh boy it's a proprietary
cable my favorite that's probably a foot
and a half USB a to whatever that is oh
that's so disappointing where's the
instructions there is no instructions
it's all in what is this this was in the
thing yes it just tells you what sensors
are like in the water bottle I have no
idea what it is is this for compliance
what am I looking at okay oh scan this
with
smartphone oh it took me to their
website to buy more it does apparently
work with not just iPhone maybe if I
open the app oh my God I have to make an
account to use my water bottle add
bottle okay what type of smart bottle
would you like to connect Bluetooth
never put the sensor in the dishw oh my
God oh my God brother oh that's so
stupid oh oh my God you have to charge
it on the inside you have to take it oh
you know what I actually don't think
this is the dumbest thing I've ever seen
in my life it is detachable which means
you could dishwash this sure separately
and I bet you you could probably buy
another one of these but it's to still
charge from the outside I think Char the
fact that you have to take that off to
charge it is really inconvenient the
cable's so short he's like out of frame
trying to like plug it dude this cable
oh actually no oh it's pretty weak oh
yeah it doesn't really sit nicely
apparently according to their website
can last 10 to 14 days oh and only take
2 and 1/2 hours to charge so I guess if
you throw the bottle in the dishwasher
charge that by the time it's done
dishwashing you probably get like a week
out of it reset your bottle sensor turn
your bottle upside down and remove it
okay wait do you have to add water press
the reset button located on top of the
sensor oh right there oh it picked up
immediately okay put back put it back in
I guess
yeah
W red hey what more the red go red and
orange strange gold lemon lime okay aqua
blue Moonlight purple it's decently well
diffused I feel like there's got to be a
way that they're monetizing this mother
you have to pay money to customize
the color $20 a year for 40 plus drink
types hydration score glow studio and
wallpapers in the app oh my God it's $3
a month or $20 a year if this was $100 a
year I would be losing it this is not
that expensive but I do hate
subscriptions to be fair $20 a year is
cheaper than an LT store water bottle so
you would save M well how much is this
water bottle we haven't found that out
yet do you want to know I need water
first okay I will go get water how much
does this bottle cost I'm going to find
out right now oh my God what it's $60 on
sale it's usually $70
update sensor firmware begin oh oh my
God is this going to take 35 minutes I'm
kind of curious now it said 3
minutes oh we're good is the fir more
update done allow hydrate to use your
location we'll keep track of where you
last held your bottle with you to help
you avoid losing it we'll use the local
weather to adjust your hydration goal
please recalibrate empty your bottle
transfer it to the good water
bottle oh my goodness this hasn't been
cleaned in a while ew okay well I'll
drink from fine that's anable problem
wait 10 seconds why do I have to wait 10
seconds it's calibrating for best
results after drinking set the bottle on
a flat surface for a few seconds so the
sensor can measure the water level goal
33.8 O Okay do a drink let's see if it
like just does
immediately better drink that gross
water keep going keep going keep going
keep going keep stop stop stop now put
it
down hey updated damn it I only drink 5
oz I need more when is it supposed to
Glow well glow regardless of your Daily
Progress when I take a drink when I meet
my goal okay now try another drink and
now it should in theory glow oh man I'm
so thirsty
again it's good what were we going to do
if you weren't thirsty might be screwed
good job I drank my water it didn't glow
I love how we just wait for
it is it is it maybe not glowing because
the battery's low is it broken did we
break it I just had water bro
I your hourly goal is surpassed so
you're good let's go by a lot your
hourly goal is 2 oz and you did
21 oh that means I'm good for the next
10 right I don't have to drink you're so
hydrated right now yeah how much was
this again $70 us I mean in line with a
insulated water bottle with a puck in it
this is not shockingly priced yes that's
fair it does measure technically
the weight I guess there must be a
weight sensor in here I don't see how
else this would do this so it does it
based off weight it does seem to track
the things the glow is not working
anymore and there's a stupid
subscription if you want to customize
the glow beyond that I think it's pretty
gimmicky but if you wanted something to
help you stay hydrated by tracking how
much water you drink and reminding you I
don't think this is like egregious like
it's horrible I could see this actually
helping people now let's move on to
something I didn't find in the Apple
store but is for an iPhone and is
something I upon while looking up the
things that I bought after the fact this
is the g- clicks Creator keyboard I've
seen this thing before this reminds me
of the meme from like years ago it was
like the iPhone 20 is going to be this
long oh it's so long all right I scanned
the QR code it's taking us to clicks. te
you have to download an app I'm not
surprised oh come on actually a pretty
nice setup guide better than the water
bot bottle cuz it actually tells you
what to do when inserting SL removing
the iPhone from the keyboard keep your
phone straight dud it just
clicks I get
it it looks so funny in your hand it
looks like it's it feels funny in my
hand it looks topheavy it is topheavy
it's telling you how to use a keyboard
press one two three okay it's a
toggle I mean that's that makes sense
that's like on iPhone right what press
what key is that oh you're right that
does not look like a key on your
keyboard that's not a key that's not on
your keyboard it looks like three little
dots and on is this one oh it's this
one yeah wow that's so it's just wrong
what an absolute fumble and why are you
like who cares just let me do any Emoji
why do I have to put a specific one look
it literally
fails if you don't put the correct heart
emoji this is
actually psychotic I don't understand
why are these things grayed out yeah
they're grayed out oh tab control oh
there's a backlight oh okay okay I've
made an account now please God nope
still locked out let's try typing hey
guys
this
is this I hate this this is
terrible it sounds terrible it feels
terrible it feels really bad like the
buttons are too far off of the case so
that
it's it's kind of hard to click they're
Blackberry feeling see I was actually
going to bring that point up one thing
my dad really really hates is he doesn't
want to get a new phone because he loves
his BlackBerry physical keyboard yeah
but he's just
wrong oh this is horrible dude um but
the thing about the Blackberry keyboards
is they're laid out like an actual
keyboard where there's Square buttons so
there's more surface area on each key
mhm this one because they're broken up
like that it's not fun to type on I also
just noticed like the keys are like
vertical oh they're not offset they're
not offset like a normal keyboard like
where where can oh yeah you're right so
if you're looking at a normal phone
keyboard versus this one you can see the
keys kind of have like a a grid pattern
almost in the top one where they kind of
like are offset but then the keyboard on
the clicks is vertical and linear and I
actually think that's why I'm struggling
to type so much it very much seems like
they went for cool Instagram markety
appeal making it look cute and not
making it a functional device can you
charge it oh it's got a it does have a
lightning port and how does it feel with
the side buttons fine just a silicon
pass through I think it's kind of yeah
it is yeah the only thing I can imagine
this as is like a Christmas white
elephant gift how much does this cost so
depending on the phone you have it could
be between 140 us or
$160 oh my God last thing last thing I
know I'm going to love this one okay
this what is this the tiny pod live
different I like that it's got like the
OG Apple branding oh yeah it's upside
down it's upside down yeah it's a case
oh I see where this is going this patent
pending device is a case for your Apple
watch but a very specific case and we
ended up with the wrong one I guess it's
supposed to make your Apple watch look
like a classic iPod you can get ones
with a functional touch wheel which is
pretty cool so we got the like three
different sizes here so this one is
probably for the Apple watch Ultra this
looks like for the larger case Apple
watch and that's for the smaller case
this looks like just a spa
story you're going to have to put it up
your butt El I'm sorry this looks
horrible I don't know what function this
is supposed to serve other than just
being a meme but like it's even kind of
hard to use the crown you lose all
functionality of having an Apple Watch
if you wanted to check your vitals you
can
just it's not like it's adding a
headphone jack that you can now connect
oh see if it did that I think that'd be
kind of cool this is a meme right okay
the other one is cool this is stupid
even this one is $30 I mean okay it's
like a little case that's fine I guess
the actual one looks kind of cool yeah
we just they when we reached out to them
they just didn't send it yeah they
actually sent the wrong one this just
seems like they they did the cad already
and already had the like models so they
were like yeah okay we can just make one
that's cheap and doesn't do literally
anything maybe if there's like a cool
Apple Watch app that like made made it
into a light switch or something and
this like just attached on the wall and
that was your light switch be the most
expensive light switch smart home okay
overall we got all of our things here in
terms of the ones actually from the
Apple Store our Belin Auto tracking
gimbal thing the water bottle and the
light the light is fine the water bottle
is fine this thing kind of sucks for the
money it works but it's too slow that's
true even when we were backing up trying
not to move that fast it's too slow I
don't know Apple I feel like you got to
up your game and that is I I want to try
the real I want the other one cuz this
this is just pointless it's pointless so
pointless it's useless so let us know
what you guys thought about the
accessories here hopefully you had fun
going on this adventure with us um Has
anyone used the actual tiny pod cuz it
looks kind of dope yeah let us know I'm
sad about it